feat(flags): Document self-serve feature flags integrations (#12203)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/feature-flag/self-serve/index.mdx

---
title: Self-Serve
sidebar_order: 1
description: Learn about Sentry's self-serve feature-flag integrations.
---

## Evaluation Tracking

> Sentry can track flag evaluations as they happen within your application.  Flag evaluations will appear in the "Feature Flag" section of Issue Details page as a table, with "suspect" flag predictions highlighted in yellow. Learn more about how to interact with feature flag insights within the Sentry UI by reading the [Issue Details page documentation](/product/issues/issue-details/#feature-flags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry can track flag evaluations as they happen within your application.  Flag evaluations will appear in the "Feature Flag" section of the Issue Details page as a table, with "suspect" flag predictions highlighted in yellow. Learn more about how to interact with feature flag insights within the Sentry UI by reading the [Issue Details page documentation](/product/issues/issue-details/#feature-flags).
```

### Set Up Evaluation Tracking

To set up evaluation tracking visit the [explore page](/product/explore/feature-flags/) and select the language and SDK of your choice. Not using a supported SDK? That's okay. We support self-serve integrations with your existing system.

To set up self-serve evaluation tracking visit one of our supported languages pages:

> * [JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/self-serve/)

Reviewer 2: Need to rename this doc (it's already live)

Reviewer 2: Should we still include "featureflags" somewhere in the paths?

* [Python](/platforms/python/integrations/self-serve/)

## Change Tracking

Sentry can track changes to feature flag definitions and report suspicious feature flag edits.

Sentry offers a change tracking feature which functions as an audit-log of feature flag changes. When a feature flag definition changes in your back-end you can emit a web hook to Sentry.

### API Documentation

> If you're using a self-serve integration it means you will likelyneed to write code to support this endpoint. This section documents our authentication proceedures as well as the resource's fields and structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a self-serve integration it means you will likely need to write code to support this endpoint. This section documents our authentication procedures as well as the resource's fields and structure.
```
